Acknowledge prior work from RFC 3117 (#75)
intarchboard/draft-protocol-maintenance: draft-iab-protocol-maintenance.md

{{{Russ Housley}}}, {{{Mark Nottingham}}}, {{{Eric Rescorla}}},
{{{Henning Schulzrinne}}}, {{{Job Snijders}}}, {{{Robert Sparks}}},
{{{Dave Thaler}}}, {{{Brian Trammell}}}, and {{{Anne Van Kesteren}}}.

> Some of the properties of protocols described in this document were observed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the properties of protocols described in {{decay}} were observed
```
